README.md, before:

# Contains five Codeinstitute challenges designed to explore jQuery methods

<br>

## First Challenge

- When a stream is clicked in the nav, that stream’s cards will transition and change background-color. When another stream is clicked, only that stream will transition and change background-color.

<br>

## Second Challenge

- Add some links to the card paragraphs that don’t need to go anywhere (href=”#”).
- Add a script that performs the following:
- When a paragraph is clicked, all the links within it are highlighted in yellow.

<br>

## Third Challenge

- Give the paragraphs inside the cards a display: none;
- Use slideDown to display the card paragraphs when the card_image is clicked.

<br>

## Forth Challenge

- When a card is clicked on, the background color is highlighted – e.g., set background-color to pink via adding a new class.
- When the card is clicked again, it is unhighlighted

<br>

## Fifth Challenge

- Add two more nav elements to the nav bar, select and all. When select is clicked, all panels disappear except those highlighted by clicking on them. It is a difficult challenge. Think about what is different about the highlighted panels. How could we select only those without the highlighting?
- Then make all the panels reappear by clicking all.

Commit message:

Update README.md with the sixth and seventh challenges

README.md, after:

# Contains seven Codeinstitute challenges designed to explore jQuery methods

<br>

## First Challenge

- When a stream is clicked in the nav, that stream’s cards will transition and change background-color. When another stream is clicked, only that stream will transition and change background-color.

<br>

## Second Challenge

- Add some links to the card paragraphs that don’t need to go anywhere (href=”#”).
- Add a script that performs the following:
- When a paragraph is clicked, all the links within it are highlighted in yellow.

<br>

## Third Challenge

- Give the paragraphs inside the cards a display: none;
- Use slideDown to display the card paragraphs when the card_image is clicked.

<br>

## Forth Challenge

- When a card is clicked on, the background color is highlighted – e.g., set background-color to pink via adding a new class.
- When the card is clicked again, it is unhighlighted

<br>

## Fifth Challenge

- Add two more nav elements to the nav bar, select and all. When select is clicked, all panels disappear except those highlighted by clicking on them. It is a difficult challenge. Think about what is different about the highlighted panels. How could we select only those without the highlighting?
- Then make all the panels reappear by clicking all.

<br>

## Sixth Challenge

- When a table header is clicked, the corresponding row should highlight. 
- When another table header (on the row) is clicked, the corresponding row should highlight, and all others should turn white.
- Add extra rows if you need to. Traverse the DOM to find a solution.

<br>

## Seventh Challenge

- Change the text in the reset button to display the colour (RGB) of the selected panel.
